Review Number 52: The phone works well. It's very thin, so I needed a case, otherwise I'd probably drop it.One negative I've found is the Night Mode on the camera. It works OK, but you have to hold the phone still for several seconds while the camera takes the shot. I read that the camera actually takes multiple exposures and then combines them somehow. So the Night Mode is not suitable for quick shots. Furthermore, my old Canon snapshot camera takes much better low-light photos than the phone, but maybe that's not a good comparison.Also, the resolution settings for the camera are very limited. If you want 4X3, there are only two resolutions available. One is 4032X3024, and the other is 9248X6936. The higher resolution definitely gives better photos, but the file size can be quite large (25 MByte is not unusual). So that resolution takes up a lot more memory and is not well-suited for emailing or texting. I take hundred or even thousands on a two-week vacation. So my solution to the memory issue is to always use the higher resolution and add an SD card to give me enough memory. Since I archive my photos on my PC and I don't need the higher resolution, I unload the photos off the phone onto the PC and them reduce the size if I want to share them all online.But other than the camera disadvantages, I'm happy with the phone. Read full review...

Review Number 53: Nice phone. Slim, easy to handle. Speedy and long battery life with good quick charge time. However, the back glass cracks very easily. One drop from about 3 ft on a wood floor and the back shattered. Needs a rugged case. To bad Samsung doesn't offer an "active" version any more. I had a S8 active and it was like a tank for 3-1/2 years. Read full review...

Review Number 54: Large screen and still comfortable in your hand. So many useful features that make your life easier to get things done. The response times are super quick when switching between apps and utilizing them. I am so happy with this phone. it was so worth the money Read full review...

Review Number 55: Great phone with excellent cameras. I am still just getting use to all the features, as I switched from an LG phone.

Review Number 56: I never buy phones that have just been introduced because the price you pay to be "on the leading edge" is just too high.  I still wanted the ability to expand the memory and the Samsung Galaxy S20 series was the LAST in a long line of phones that the memory was expandable with a microSD memory card.  This phone doesn't disappoint!!!Read full review...

Review Number 57: Needed to replace a Note 9 Ive had for nearly 4-5 years. Didn't want to drop 1500 on an S23. Debated between the 20 Plus and Ultra. For the money, the 20 Plus with 512 gb is fabulous. With case it's the perfect size, everything I need in thr palm of my hand.Read full review...

Review Number 58: Love the size, fast with long battery life. Camera is awesome.

Review Number 59: Galaxy S20 plus has better performance than Galaxy S21 (12 ram, QHD+ display) In Android phones, Ram implies the device's lifetime, and I strongly believe S20 plus would go longer than S21. Overall Great performance and the only flaw was high price, but now it cheaper so this device now has the best value!!Read full review...

Review Number 60: I like this phone. It's the right size, battery is all day good and camea is excellent. 

Review Number 61: Love it! Great screen quality, amazing pictures and lightning fast! Easy to operate and organize. 

Review Number 62: Great phone!  Fast, reliable, and has expandable storage. I chose this over the S21 series because they got rid of expandable storage in the newer series. 

Review Number 63: Nice phone. Slim, easy to handle. Speedy and long battery life with good quick charge time. However, the back glass cracks very easily. One drop from about 3 ft on a wood floor and the back shattered. Needs a rugged case. To bad Samsung doesn't offer an "active" version any more. I had a S8 active and it was like a tank for 3-1/2 years. Read full review...

Review Number 64: Like the screen size and ease of use

Review Number 65: Fast internet, clear pictures, big screen. To me Samsung is the best

Review Number 66: Great phone, long battery life, camera is A+.I previously owned an S10, also good phone but love my S20 even more.

Review Number 67: Great flagship phone at an affordable price. Brand new in a sesled box.

Review Number 68: The phone is better than OK The battery is OK, my last phone was a galaxy note 9 and I noticed the battery last longer on that, i’ll be definitely getting another galaxy S20+ for my spouse

Review Number 69: Excellent phone for the price. Arrived packed very well. Transfered data from older phone easily and the sim card as well.So far pleased with the purchase.

Review Number 70: I am a fan of the samsumg smartphones, and I think this is the best, only under s20 ultra, but really good for the price. 

Review Number 71: Awesome a little smaller then my other phone inch wise but I really like it

Review Number 72: Good quality and just the right size!

Review Number 73: This is for sure one of the best  phone I ever have 

Review Number 74: I bought this for my wife. She loves.  Taking abit of time to get used to the S 20 plus.  

Review Number 75: Fast, intuitive, amazing camera and long battery. 

Review Number 76: Great smartphone, really long battery life, very fast processor, great screen resolution. 

Review Number 77: Great deal, works as it should. The battery life isn't amazing but all in all still a good buy.

Review Number 78: lite weight easy to hand held

Review Number 79: I love this phone.  So far so good!!

Review Number 80: I bought for my wife and she loved 

Review Number 81: Fast.  Only wish it had the power button on the left like my old Samsung.

Review Number 82: I like when as it described .

Review Number 83: I get a good connection almost everywhere.

Review Number 84: Excellent buy and good quality 

Review Number 85: Fast, responsive, long battery life.

Review Number 86: Great phone love it!

Review Number 87: Big improvement over my previous Galaxy, despite the fact that this model came out about 3 years ago!

Review Number 88: Device is fast and works excellent!!

Review Number 89: I had a s-10+ forever and it finally gave up so I looked up the reviews on the S-20 + and for the money it was my option.

Review Number 90: Sweet a nicely needed upgrade n well deserved new galaxy s20+  awesome 

Review Number 91: Lovely itme at a great price.

Review Number 92: Phone was working perfectly for the first 4 weeks. Then battery started to over heat and video would stop and would go back to home page.

Review Number 93: Great phone!

Review Number 94: I love it great phone works perfect 

Review Number 95: It's a great phone,I like the menu upset and it's fast with a great camera

Review Number 96: I like the phone. Some of the thing are hard to find but it will just take time

Review Number 97: Just replaced my S9 even though it was working just fine...but needed a phone that was capatible with a discount carrier.

Review Number 98: So far so good, fast phone and no problem with apps.

Review Number 99: Good quality phone, runs fairly fast and was affordable

Review Number 100: Awesome deal. Love it!

Review Number 101: The phone gets quite hot when some apps are running and the battery life was worse than my S10+

Review Number 102: great thank you

