Review Number 103: After 3.5 years with the Note 9, the S22 Ultra is amazing! Better than I would have expected! The battery lasts so long compared to the 9. I seemed to only get about 2 hours of use on my last phone and being able to use this all day with barely any battery usage is great! The camera is also unbelievable! Zooming in is so clear - the quality was so much better than I was expecting! Read full review...

Review Number 104: The phone is overall a good phone itself, it's a good upgrade from what we had. But make sure you have your own charger on hand before you get the phone because the Chargers that they send with you are junk we put the phone on the charger for a half hour it it's like it sucked the battery down rather than charging it. Read full review...

Review Number 105:   I Love this new Phone,I am Coming from A Iphone 4s with 8G to this New Samsung Galaxy a10e 32g witch is A Big step up for me, The Screen is So much Bigger and it has Dark Them so I can look at it at Night with out straining my eye's and it has Chrome witch is what I use at Home and at Work, I Believe you can't go wrong with this phone surfs Net like crazy fast and Holds A Lot of Pictures, Music and Most importantly my Contacts.  It is A Phone First and Foremost.Read full review...

Review Number 106: I like everything about the Samsung S 22 Ultra 128mb factory sealed phone. It arrived earlier than expected, in factory new condition in the factory sealed box. It was as advertised and I am very pleased with the purchase. Compared to my old Galaxy 8 of 2014 it is unbelievable in all of the newer features (to me). I consider myself as having saved ~$1000 and having a factory new device at same time.Read full review...

Review Number 107: The mother board is in perfect working condition. Fully unlocked and the battery is great.I have harvested all the parts and fitted them in a good screen. I have a great S22 Ultra. Good business.

Review Number 108: Very good product,  there is a small scratch on the front in the middle of the phone but other than that it is dang near perfect. The battery is mid. But the phone is beautiful. I'm very happy with my purchase. I very much prefer a good used phone at at great price.Read full review...

Review Number 109: Phone was in great condition works perfect only minor scratches where you put the charger in but that's not issue for me, color is vibrant,pictures are wonderful overall satisfaction 

Review Number 110: I love this phone but battery doesn't last as long as I thought it would. 

Review Number 111: Good product but battery's day span not as expected 

Review Number 112: I'm glad I found this phone, I'm really enjoying keep up the good work. 

Review Number 113: Great product, extremely happy with the condition. I haven’t started to use it but it seems fine. 

Review Number 114: I think  if I was in Florida  again  I would  buy  more  than  one 

Review Number 115: I love this product. It works so well. 

Review Number 116: Easy process came in on time and saved money.  Love the phone it works great as expected

Review Number 117: It fits in my shirt pocket and it is hella fast.

Review Number 118: Is a a very good phone and the touch is smooth 

Review Number 119: Excellent purchase.

Review Number 120: It is good device and I like so much...Thank you

Review Number 121: Good product 

Review Number 122: Good replacement phone for minors 

Review Number 123: I very much like my new Samsung  phone.

Review Number 124: The phone is great 

Review Number 125: This color green is an okay color but an alpine color like the Iphone 13 series would have been an awesome color

Review Number 126: Thanks 

Review Number 127: This color looks fine to me but a yellow green would be very colorful to this phone

Review Number 128: Best colorful design you can ever buy

Review Number 129: Love the design with best of green

Review Number 130: Good

Review Number 131: Good value

Review Number 132: Gracias 

Review Number 133: So far so good 👍 

Review Number 134: Se calienta mucho algunas veces, no cambia el idioma  en el teclado, o por lo menos no igual y a los Android. 

