Review Number 1: I needed to get a new phone now rather than later because I had a hardware issue with the camera on my S7 which affected everything and anything that used the camera. I had planned to get a new one this year because the battery was losing its oomph & replacing rather than fixing was an easy decision. The the camera problem.I liked my S7 so I figured I would stick with Galaxy. I looked at all 3 S21's but decided on the S21 5G because I didn't need all the bells & whistles or the screen size. Now don't get me wrong, it is a nice phone but I will just say that many of the "upgrades" actually make the phone less desirable for me personally (like knobs vs touch screen on cars). The cost for me is intuitiveness. The slight width & weight increase make 1 handed use extremely difficult.  Overtime I may get use to it, but the next go around, I will definitely use a much more critical eye.Read full review...

Review Number 2: The phone does not have SD card capability, screen is smaller than my S9+ and really is no faster than the s9. Wish I had done more research on the model before I ordered it. Good phone for the price, just not the improvements over old models that I was expecting.Read full review...

Review Number 3: beautiful phone with nice feel to it. Amazing features and abilities but still a familiar Samsung. Using online tutorials is helpful as there are a lot of layers in this phone. The camera is a bit challenging as it has more options and features than i was used to in my old S7 but i'll just learn. clarity of photos and screen is amazing. this is a lot of phone for the price- a real high end model. Read full review...

Review Number 4: This is my first venture with an android phone and I am very pleased. The size isn't too big. The battery lasts long. I'm still learning all the features. But navigating them has been easy. I would definitely recommend this phone to family and friends.Read full review...

Review Number 5: Exactly as I read and researched. I had a Galaxy JV3 for years. Not a man of change I wanted a new version. Simple to use and same format as my old phone. Excellent phone.

Review Number 6: It's a Galaxy S series, so of course it's a good product. Easy to navigate, feels good in my hand, as though it was fitted. Screen resolution is great. Swipe gestures always a plus. Fast as lightening. Good camera. I love everything about this phone Read full review...

Review Number 7: I was looking for something smaller and this is perfect without compromising features and staying up to date. Overall, this is exactly what I've been looking for. The camera is outstanding, and videos are next level. Read full review...

Review Number 8: I am thrilled about my phone from BigMoose! The phone does not appear to be refurbished. If you told me it was new I would have believed you. The charger is flawless and charges the phone in very little time. The screen does not have one scratch nor is there a shadow internally. Everything functions as it should. I will recommend BigMoose Wireless to all of my friends and family. Read full review...

Review Number 9: Clear well defined screen images, and good long battery life, it can last a couple of days.  I like the camera, which takes some really good photos crisp and clear.  Calls clear, WIFI calling is great for places with poor reception. Read full review...

Review Number 10: Good,working good,screen has mix color but usable 

Review Number 11: I am very happy with my Samsung Galaxy S21. It has a slightly improved design than my old Galaxy. I like all the control buttons on the right-hand side instead of some on the left and some on the right, as was on my old phone. It has lots of memory and works great.  About the cameras: only the S21 Ultra gets an autofocusing ultra-wide among all Galaxies. Read full review...

Review Number 12: It is efficient for my use, it's small enough to carry in a holder, and it has a longer battery life while being used with a smartwatch.

Review Number 13: The phone does not have SD card capability, screen is smaller than my S9+ and really is no faster than the s9. Wish I had done more research on the model before I ordered it. Good phone for the price, just not the improvements over old models that I was expecting.Read full review...

Review Number 14: The battery life is decent, would expect it to be slightly better.  There is no fingerprint biometric and the biometric photo works half the time.  Only BT audio connections, no wired.  Other than that, it is good.Read full review...

Review Number 15: This phone has all the features I need including an resin which I use frequently when travelling internationally.

Review Number 16: I like the color, the smaller size and the clear screen.  So far it has proven to be a good purchase.

Review Number 17: great phone, not to big, not to small, just the right size. love the long life battery. light weight and great price!

Review Number 18: This seems to be a great phone for the price, It has so many great features.  I have not had it long enough yet though to learn all of them.  I am a Senior Citizen, and it will take me a little while, but I really like the phone.Read full review...

Review Number 19: Excellent value and phone is in almost new condition.  Hardly any wear and battery seems to last very long even with heavy usage.  Migration was easy from my old Samsung S6!  I am confident this phone will perform as well as my old phone.  Read full review...

Review Number 20: Awesome phone.  I love the features like bluetooth connections and wireless charging.

Review Number 21: I'm satisfied with my purchase, it seems the same as older s series phones, I wish the camera was better, but overall is adequate, next I will upgrade to a better phone.

Review Number 22: I love the size and feel of the phone.   I wish I had done a little better research regarding the fact it doesn't have a SD Card slot.  

Review Number 23: This phone was Used - Very Good, but it's really in excellent condition.  It's slightly smaller and much lighter-weight than my previous phone, which I love.  The camera takes beautiful pictures.  Happy so far!Read full review...

Review Number 24: Bought as a back up phone.  Took it in to get it set up. Everything worked perfectly. The description said light scratches but I can see any.

Review Number 25: I like the way the phone works.

Review Number 26: Very nice phone. My only issue is my back frosted glass back adhesive wasn't secure. I can very easily pull back on it and remove it. But nothing a case can't fix because I'm not having this phone without one. But this phone is definitely nice. Read full review...

Review Number 27: A good replacement for my previous Motorola phone. Like that Samsung provides updates. Phone is quick and responsive. Battery life just ok not as good as my previous phone.

Review Number 28: What an absolute steal! Pleasantly surprised with this phone as I upgraded from an iPhone XR. Cosmetic issues are barely noticeable and as described do not affect the device whatsoever. Takes wonderful pictures and videos. 5/5. Don't let the few negative reviews fool you. Also has a 30 day warranty in case anything decides to go rogue on me. Got to me in 5 days from time of purchase. Read full review...

Review Number 29: Same as a brand new phone could not tell the difference

Review Number 30: The first Samsung cell phone I have owned in a long while.  Had used several Pixels along the way.  Surprised I preferred the general function and software of the S21.  I am going to go for a new model now - this was a very satisfactory trial run for me.Read full review...

Review Number 31: very impressed with the quality and really awesome picture was very easy to start my phone and use my carrier love it 

Review Number 32: So far, I started using it about one week ago and to date, it is pretty fine. Don't know what will happen down the road.

Review Number 33: Great camera, but hate the that some simple apps that were on my older Samsung weren't on the S21. Navigation is awkward. Plus I can't stand the volume and on off buttons on the same side. 

Review Number 34: FAST AND RESPOSIVE looks great like brand new 

Review Number 35: I'm still learning, but it is everything they say about it. battery lasts all day and the camera is awesome.

Review Number 36: Battery is not good. Rest of the features are fine 

Review Number 37: Well it's a good investment it had its obvious details so if you want a pristine product this is not it, this product promises guarantees so I'll se in the long term, for now I think it's worth it's price.Read full review...

Review Number 38: I upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy s9. Phone works fantastic. Zero issues. Camera is amazing. Will be using this phone for a long time. 

Review Number 39: It's slow screen is more scratched than advertised not my favorite phone I've purchased 

Review Number 40: Hubby's a71 went bad and he needed a new phone.  Didn't want to o back into a contract so I got him this phone..same as mine and I had it for 2 years and like it.  Working great for him.

Review Number 41: well made nice size !

Review Number 42: The product is functional in all aspects. It was very easy to transfer everything from my old phone to this phone.

Review Number 43: I have been shopping with them for years and they have always been very attentive and satisfactory. They answer my questions about products right away. I highly recommend them. 

Review Number 44: The battery life is about the same as my old phone s10 galaxy 

Review Number 45: So far I love this phone.  The more I use it, the more I appreciate its quality. I have only used it for a few weeks. I am hoping it continues to be awesome. Read some on line reviews before I made the purchase and they were very accurate..Read full review...

Review Number 46: It is as good as brand new still in the original box for a big savings

Review Number 47: It's almost in mint condition and it function very well, it's a good value and I'm pleased with it. 

Review Number 48: Fast & good camera

Review Number 49: Easy to use. Very small learning curve from my S8. Easily transferred my data from the old phone to the new one.

Review Number 50: Only way to improve from past Samsung is to make durable enough to withstand running over with my Chevy.

Review Number 51: So far so good, it's a "learning curve" for me really...I have to learn to navigate the phone as opposed to my Samsung J3Star was kinda old😅

