After 3.5 years with the Note 9, the S22 Ultra is amazing! Better than I would have expected! The battery lasts so long compared to the 9. I seemed to only get about 2 hours of use on my last phone and being able to use this all day with barely any battery usage is great! The camera is also unbelievable! Zooming in is so clear - the quality was so much better than I was expecting! Read full review...
The phone is overall a good phone itself, it's a good upgrade from what we had. But make sure you have your own charger on hand before you get the phone because the Chargers that they send with you are junk we put the phone on the charger for a half hour it it's like it sucked the battery down rather than charging it. Read full review...
  I Love this new Phone,I am Coming from A Iphone 4s with 8G to this New Samsung Galaxy a10e 32g witch is A Big step up for me, The Screen is So much Bigger and it has Dark Them so I can look at it at Night with out straining my eye's and it has Chrome witch is what I use at Home and at Work, I Believe you can't go wrong with this phone surfs Net like crazy fast and Holds A Lot of Pictures, Music and Most importantly my Contacts.  It is A Phone First and Foremost.Read full review...
I like everything about the Samsung S 22 Ultra 128mb factory sealed phone. It arrived earlier than expected, in factory new condition in the factory sealed box. It was as advertised and I am very pleased with the purchase. Compared to my old Galaxy 8 of 2014 it is unbelievable in all of the newer features (to me). I consider myself as having saved ~$1000 and having a factory new device at same time.Read full review...
The mother board is in perfect working condition. Fully unlocked and the battery is great.I have harvested all the parts and fitted them in a good screen. I have a great S22 Ultra. Good business.
Very good product,  there is a small scratch on the front in the middle of the phone but other than that it is dang near perfect. The battery is mid. But the phone is beautiful. I'm very happy with my purchase. I very much prefer a good used phone at at great price.Read full review...
Phone was in great condition works perfect only minor scratches where you put the charger in but that's not issue for me, color is vibrant,pictures are wonderful overall satisfaction 
I love this phone but battery doesn't last as long as I thought it would. 
It's in better condition than I expected. Nicks are minimal and are covered up by the phone case. Wife very happy with phone. So far so good. 
Good product but battery's day span not as expected 
I'm glad I found this phone, I'm really enjoying keep up the good work. 
Great product, extremely happy with the condition. I haven’t started to use it but it seems fine. 
I think  if I was in Florida  again  I would  buy  more  than  one 
I love this product. It works so well. 
Easy process came in on time and saved money.  Love the phone it works great as expected
It fits in my shirt pocket and it is hella fast.
Is a a very good phone and the touch is smooth 
Excellent purchase.
It is good device and I like so much...Thank you
Good product 
Bad product Don't buy
Very satisfied. Exactly as described! Thanks 👍🏻
Good replacement phone for minors 
I very much like my new Samsung  phone.
The phone is great 
This color green is an okay color but an alpine color like the Iphone 13 series would have been an awesome color
Thanks 
This color looks fine to me but a yellow green would be very colorful to this phone
Love the design with best of green
Good
Good value
Gracias 
So far so good 👍 
Se calienta mucho algunas veces, no cambia el idioma  en el teclado, o por lo menos no igual y a los Android. 
