The Samsung Galaxy S10 is without a doubt the finest communication device I have ever owned. Personal communication device is a better name than smartphone. Everything about this is superior to what I have had in the past. Spending a month with this device confirms to me that unless Apple developed something truly earth shattering, something incredible like live transparent 3D floating display in mid air over the face of the display, something out of a Sci-fi movie, I would not buy anything they made. The S10 is the perfect form factor, not too small (iPhone 8) not too big  (S10+) The expandable memory is where it is at, I immediately got a 512Gb card. The freedom of having half a terabyte in your phone is liberating. I can shoot movies, I can take any picture, (the camera is awesome by the way) and after a month I haven't even scratched the surface of the available memory. The screen is gorgeous, the facial recognition security is very cool. the fingerprint scanner in the screen is awesome. Tactile response is smooth and fast. The features are deep and it is a powerful piece of hardware. I plan to own this phone for 5+ years so I got the best one, and I really do believe it will handle all my needs moving forward. Great product and smart and a whip!Read full review...
I'm happy I purchased this. It's better than the almost 3-year-old version it replaced. However, I'm not positive that it's new. The IMEI number shows this is a white case phone, but it's black. Battery life is THE reason I wanted a new phone, and this is a slight improvement over the old phone, but not a huge improvement like I expected.Read full review...
Had a Samsung Galaxy S5 for years.  Had several batteries around to ensure I was never without communications.  Was time to upgrade due to application that no longer worked on the S5.  Was hesitant to purchase a phone that did not have replaceable battery.   Looked at the apple, and other brand phones but decided to stick with Samsung because of familiarity.  I am exceptionally surprised by the battery life of the S10 and how much more responsive it is.  It also takes exceptional pictures.Read full review...
 Smart phones are great although their size is an unavoidable consequence for active working men if you want the technology.  A quality protective case is a must unless you have deep pockets to replace broken phones regularly.  Mine hit the floor within 3 days but survived.  I had no desire to change my carrier plan and did not want to be forced into monthly payments.  Buying outright was my preference.Read full review...
upgraded from the s9 and like the new one. Faster processor and response times. great camera as most phones seem to have lately, but this is great! Great price as value right now.
So far so good.  I've had it for about 2 weeks now and I am enjoying how fast it is.  Transferring my old phone to my new one was made easy with the Switch wireless feature on the phone.  I really like that feature a lot.  Battery life seems good.  It definitely last longer than my previous phone (the Galaxy S7).  Messaging and surfing around the internet are quick and the cameras are really nice.  They make sure you get a nice crystal clear picture!Read full review...
Updated from Galaxy S7 Edge, nice new features. Android 10 is smooth and efficient. I get at least 2 days on a charge. Smaller than the S7 but has more screen. Overall very happy with the S10.aodNotify app makes up for the missing notification LED.Read full review...
This S10 is just barely larger than the S8 that I previously used.  The S10 has a vew more features and, in most respects, functions like the S8 (a good thing, since I did't buy for the purpose of learning, all over again, how to operate a PDA).  It seams to be just as sturdy as teh S8, and aftermarket equipment (screen savers, cases, etc.) are readily aailable at now-discounted prices (as was the price I paid for the S10).  I chose not to go to the newest generaion of Samsung cellphone, as I didn't yet trust the security of the 5G networks.  So the S10 rang all of the bells I wanted it to.  Early returns suggewst the battery depletes its power more rapidly than the S8.  Time will tell.Read full review...
Great phone and size and I love the cameras.  Price was great and call quality is fantastic.  Great upgrade from my S6.great
I am writing this review 3 days after I received the phone. It was really easy to transition from the S5 to the S10. Better features,  but i can't speak as to how long the battery life will last.  The new jack is nice because it can be inserted either way. It's a nice phone,  but a little spendy. No complaints yet. Read full review...
This phone is exactly what I was hoping for.  Good weight, size is similar to my previous A5 and easy to use.
Small carry size and and crisp screen. Feels high quality in hand. Fast processor, good camera, easy to navigate.  Only con is the battery life could be better. However, it's a compact phone and worth it.Read full review...
Upgraded from Samsung S7 to the S10 mainly for the photo quality. There are so many more features that have improved from the S7. I highly recommend the product!
We bought 2 of these in 4 weeks. One for me and one for my wife. The S10 fit our need perfectly. Good size memory, good camera, good battery. not the latest model, but everything we need. great value for money.Read full review...
S10 is great!  Speedy, high quality, responsive, and the perfect size. I even like the curved screen which I was hesitant about. It has Gorilla Glass 6 on the front so it will hold up well. It does come with too many apps and some you cannot remove. But, overall, I really like this phone!Read full review...
Great phone, fantastic price. All I had to do was put in my Sim card and use the smart switch app and everything worked perfectly.  Love it.
I updated from Samsung Galaxy s7, which I had for over 3 years. I loved the size of the gs7 but the battery was sadly diminishing. This Galavy s10 was a great replacement. Love the size as it was not much bigger than the gs7 but the infinity screen makes it seem bigger. Alot of the newer phones are just too big for what I want and a few were too small.Read full review...
Replace a S7 has some additional features.  However, I miss the knock knock sound on the old S7 for noticifications
Bumping up from the S7 was necessary given the lack of memory in the S7. The S10 has an incredible camera, it's very intuitive and I don't worry about the battery getting too hot like in the S20. The Bixby button takes a little getting used to but I'm so happy to be able to send larger texts and videos with no problem. I love this phone!Read full review...
I really am enjoying learning new features of the s10 and had s7 previously.   It meets all the requirements I have for a cell phone.    As with most samsung phones,  very easy to learn  and  use.    No complaints.Read full review...
The battery life is approximately 24 hours whether you use it or it is in standby. Not sure if this is good or not because this is my first smartphone. it is larger than my old flip phone so it is taking some getting use to it. Other than that, the phone is really nice and I look forward to learning more about it's capabilities.Read full review...
I went from the Galaxy 7 to the Galaxy 10.  Love the design, and the camera is awesome.
I'm a Samsung die hard fan. I had an S9 before for 2 yrs and love it. I will give the S10 as a gift to my relative who has lots of pics and videos stored in an SD card. S10 is the last model to have an SD slot for additional storage. Read full review...
I am very pleased with my purchase, has lots of great features with a big bright screen. I'm still learning my way around it, but it's GREAT! 
Outstanding phone.  Beautiful screen, amazing camera, smooth/seemless operation, just the right size....and on and on.
 The S10 is the last Samsung to support USB to HDMI support.   This allows simple mirroring of phone on any TV with HDMI.
I upgraded from the Galaxy S7 Active.  The S10 is wonderful by comparison--fast, long battery life, most recent software.  And it has most of the features/performance of the new S20 at a much lower price!Read full review...
I upgraded from an S5. More memory, faster. Just a bit too big for my hands but I knew that before I bought it.
Outstanding value for the cost, nice camera, features. I like specially the cpu/GPU combination, still perform well, even for today standards.
I had a cheaper brand before, so this is big step for me. I like all features and the way it feels in the hand.
I like everything about the phone except the Bixby button as it's constantly getting pushed accidentally. It's just not in a great spot, the volume and Bixby should swap places.I like having an in screen fingerprint reader but it doesn't work super great, wet/dirty hands make it useless. I preferred the reader on my pixel 1Read full review...
Fast & has all of the extra Windows compatible features! I love it!
So far so good. It's great product.
Samsung is number one..the S-10 is a great phone with plenty of features.
I BOUGHT THIS TO REPLACE MY SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS. THE S10 IS SO MUCH MORE EFFICIENT.  THE BATTERY IS MUCH LONGER AND IT'S MUCH FASTER LOADING. LOVING IT! MY GALAXY S8 PLUS WOULD GET HOT AND THE BACK OF THE PHONE CAME APART.Read full review...
Screen has vibrant colors, sound quality is excellent. Very happy over all. Battery life has been great so far. The pictures are fantastic. Sound quality is much better than my old phone.
Brand new in the sealed box! Who needs a $1300.00 + AI phone?? Glad I found this what a deal!
Really good phone good size light weight long battery 
Broke my S20 and didn't want to spend much on another phone.  This S10 has incredible battery life.  Much better than my S20 that I bought (refurbished) 6 months ago.  Also has a phone jack, which my S20 did not. Very pleased. Read full review...
Great picture quality and amazingly fast. 
I bought this phone for my sister and she absolutely loves it! It is easy to use, the picture quality is excellent and it works optimally 
The Samsung Galaxy s10 is easy to use,very responsive and has an awesome camera.
High performance processor with great features and battery life.  
it is an excellent option, very happy with all functions and battery life, camera is awesome as well. 
My Samsung S10 is Excellent !!, I will recommend to friends any day, especially the long battery life serves my longing purpose.
THIS PHONE HAS A LOT OF NEWER FEATURES THAN MY OLD SAMSUNG. I AM STILL GETTING TO KNOW THE PHONE
I'm happy I purchased this. It's better than the almost 3-year-old version it replaced. However, I'm not positive that it's new. The IMEI number shows this is a white case phone, but it's black. Battery life is THE reason I wanted a new phone, and this is a slight improvement over the old phone, but not a huge improvement like I expected.Read full review...
I purchased this phone as a birthday gift for my brother in law, who lives in Jamaica. He loves it and says it worked perfectly with their network. He’s been using it for about a week now so I can’t honestly say much on the battery but it’s a great phone, and the price is right!Read full review...
Advertised as Samsung refurbished but looks and performs like a brand new unit.
Excellent phone! Absolutely love it!Upgraded from the S9 which has little battery life but a decent phone. Very satisfied with my purchase!
Very nice phone
