The phone works well. It's very thin, so I needed a case, otherwise I'd probably drop it.One negative I've found is the Night Mode on the camera. It works OK, but you have to hold the phone still for several seconds while the camera takes the shot. I read that the camera actually takes multiple exposures and then combines them somehow. So the Night Mode is not suitable for quick shots. Furthermore, my old Canon snapshot camera takes much better low-light photos than the phone, but maybe that's not a good comparison.Also, the resolution settings for the camera are very limited. If you want 4X3, there are only two resolutions available. One is 4032X3024, and the other is 9248X6936. The higher resolution definitely gives better photos, but the file size can be quite large (25 MByte is not unusual). So that resolution takes up a lot more memory and is not well-suited for emailing or texting. I take hundred or even thousands on a two-week vacation. So my solution to the memory issue is to always use the higher resolution and add an SD card to give me enough memory. Since I archive my photos on my PC and I don't need the higher resolution, I unload the photos off the phone onto the PC and them reduce the size if I want to share them all online.But other than the camera disadvantages, I'm happy with the phone. Read full review...
Nice phone. Slim, easy to handle. Speedy and long battery life with good quick charge time. However, the back glass cracks very easily. One drop from about 3 ft on a wood floor and the back shattered. Needs a rugged case. To bad Samsung doesn't offer an "active" version any more. I had a S8 active and it was like a tank for 3-1/2 years. Read full review...
When going from a galaxy note 8 to a galaxy s20 plus there is a huge difference. The pictures are better , the screen is awesome. If you already have Verizon then they give you the sim card for free. Don't have to buy one. Read full review...
Large screen and still comfortable in your hand. So many useful features that make your life easier to get things done. The response times are super quick when switching between apps and utilizing them. I am so happy with this phone. it was so worth the money Read full review...
Great phone with excellent cameras. I am still just getting use to all the features, as I switched from an LG phone.
I never buy phones that have just been introduced because the price you pay to be "on the leading edge" is just too high.  I still wanted the ability to expand the memory and the Samsung Galaxy S20 series was the LAST in a long line of phones that the memory was expandable with a microSD memory card.  This phone doesn't disappoint!!!Read full review...
Needed to replace a Note 9 Ive had for nearly 4-5 years. Didn't want to drop 1500 on an S23. Debated between the 20 Plus and Ultra. For the money, the 20 Plus with 512 gb is fabulous. With case it's the perfect size, everything I need in thr palm of my hand.Read full review...
Love the size, fast with long battery life. Camera is awesome.
Galaxy S20 plus has better performance than Galaxy S21 (12 ram, QHD+ display) In Android phones, Ram implies the device's lifetime, and I strongly believe S20 plus would go longer than S21. Overall Great performance and the only flaw was high price, but now it cheaper so this device now has the best value!!Read full review...
I like this phone. It's the right size, battery is all day good and camea is excellent. 
Love it! Great screen quality, amazing pictures and lightning fast! Easy to operate and organize. 
Great phone!  Fast, reliable, and has expandable storage. I chose this over the S21 series because they got rid of expandable storage in the newer series. 
Nice phone. Slim, easy to handle. Speedy and long battery life with good quick charge time. However, the back glass cracks very easily. One drop from about 3 ft on a wood floor and the back shattered. Needs a rugged case. To bad Samsung doesn't offer an "active" version any more. I had a S8 active and it was like a tank for 3-1/2 years. Read full review...
Like the screen size and ease of use
I like it. Only thing is, this is more complicated to manage  than  Iphone. The only reason I decided change this phone, is the fact of  videos that I can pause it and then continue on diferent vew  but on same video Read full review...
Fast internet, clear pictures, big screen. To me Samsung is the best
Great phone, long battery life, camera is A+.I previously owned an S10, also good phone but love my S20 even more.
Great flagship phone at an affordable price. Brand new in a sesled box.
The phone is better than OK The battery is OK, my last phone was a galaxy note 9 and I noticed the battery last longer on that, i’ll be definitely getting another galaxy S20+ for my spouse
Excellent phone for the price. Arrived packed very well. Transfered data from older phone easily and the sim card as well.So far pleased with the purchase.
I am a fan of the samsumg smartphones, and I think this is the best, only under s20 ultra, but really good for the price. 
Awesome a little smaller then my other phone inch wise but I really like it
Good quality and just the right size!
This is for sure one of the best  phone I ever have 
I bought this for my wife. She loves.  Taking abit of time to get used to the S 20 plus.  
Fast, intuitive, amazing camera and long battery. 
Great smartphone, really long battery life, very fast processor, great screen resolution. 
Great deal, works as it should. The battery life isn't amazing but all in all still a good buy.
lite weight easy to hand held
I love this phone.  So far so good!!
I bought for my wife and she loved 
Fast.  Only wish it had the power button on the left like my old Samsung.
I like when as it described .
I get a good connection almost everywhere.
Excellent buy and good quality 
Fast, responsive, long battery life.
Great phone love it!
Big improvement over my previous Galaxy, despite the fact that this model came out about 3 years ago!
Device is fast and works excellent!!
I had a s-10+ forever and it finally gave up so I looked up the reviews on the S-20 + and for the money it was my option.
Sweet a nicely needed upgrade n well deserved new galaxy s20+  awesome 
Lovely itme at a great price.
Phone was working perfectly for the first 4 weeks. Then battery started to over heat and video would stop and would go back to home page.
Great phone!
I love it great phone works perfect 
It's a great phone,I like the menu upset and it's fast with a great camera
I like the phone. Some of the thing are hard to find but it will just take time
Just replaced my S9 even though it was working just fine...but needed a phone that was capatible with a discount carrier.
So far so good, fast phone and no problem with apps.
Good quality phone, runs fairly fast and was affordable
Awesome deal. Love it!
