The Samsung Galaxy S9 is my first Samsung phone. So I had to get used to it (which is true for any new cellphone)  When I first got it, I thought it was rather small, smaller than than the Android smartphones I have had previously. Even with the hard plastic protective case, it is small. But I quickly adapted to using it, it is relatively easy to use, And I found it small size is actually a good thing because it fits nicely into shirt pockets. Overall I am very pleased with overall performance and ease of operation of this phone  Read full review...
pros perfect size, fast, nice camera,battery life ok. cons screen raised shape sticks up above the case. con the back cover is glass and glued down would be hard to change the battery.  I broke my wifes trying to get the back off it cracked in a bunch of pieces. need to pay someone to fix. I think samsung got this ideal from apple they have always been hard to change the battery. I think they want you to replace your phone when the battery gets bad.Read full review...
Phone has no visible defects at all and functions well.  The battery life seems pretty good compared to the eight-year-old S8 it replaced.  It is the exact same size as the S8 with some better options and the upgraded Android OS/One UI allows it to install apps that were no longer compatible with the S8.  The only downside to the phone was the number of updates it required and it got caught in an update loop which I had to break it out of.  It seems to be fine now, but that hiccup turned a relatively short SmartSwitch into a couple of hours project to get the phone going.  Read full review...
Nice phone but some features changed from previous Galaxy S7....Message app is new and confusing at start; c type charging cord made it necessary to buy a brand new cord to use away from home or in car unless you want to carry the original cord where ever you go.  Unable to switch between carriers when current carrier (T-Mobile) service is not available.Read full review...
This is my first time trying a Samsung phone. All my smartphones have been HTC. The Galaxy's seemed to have a good following. I like to save money so tried ordering the S8. I had issues with two of them and had to return them. Decided to pay more and go with the S9. At least I was still saving alot compared to purchasing the S10 or S20 right now. This phone feels great, I was able to get a good slim case and screen protector for it. I'm extremely happy with this phone and a fairly easy switch from HTC. Read full review...
Went from a S4mini which I kept all this time because of the size to the S9. Nice phone, reasonable size, not a fablet like so many others. Still learning some of the feature but in all very pleased.
I upgraded from a galaxy S7. I love the new voice-mail feature. You don't have to go through all the meow meow meow just to hear the message. Another feature that I like is the way the sides gently slope away. The battery seems to last forever and the storage is awesome! The night focus camera is a lot better than the S7. Read full review...
Was slimmer then i expected, looks and feels premium, the display is amazing! i wouldn't use without a case due to having a glass back and slips easily in your hand.
This phone is a good flagship phone for many reasons. To start off it's a very reliable phone to have with it's all day battery and wireless cahrging capabilities. Water/Drop/Dust/Shock resitance is also a key factor now a days.Has good featuresdual aperture camera ( awesome in Low lighting)Heart Rate sensorwireless charging Dex support (Samsung version of a computer opperating system when plugged in via HDMI)Long lasting batteryDolby Atmos ( Dolby Audio Equailizer with dual speakers tuned by AKG)i mean the list keeps on going but overall it's a good everyday phone .Read full review...
This was exactly what I wanted. The S9 has always been my favorite offering from Samsung. Small, easy to operate, great battery life. I needed a replacement for my old one that was dropped one time too many and needed it unlocked because I am a Mint Mobile customer. Read full review...
Got for my wife as an upgrade for her Samsung J7 model. Comparatively the S9 has a much better camera, storage, battery life, and faster speed. It handles multiple apps much better, and has greater security features. My wife definitely loves it and I'm glad she prefers the S9 compared to her older J7.Read full review...
I'm extremely happy with this phone, battery life is fantastic, super fast charging, I can actually hear when using the speaker. I was not aware it had the curved edges, my mistake, didn't do enough research, but I'm slowly getting used to it. Read full review...
Great phone. Beautiful, functional, and still current. Got it to replace an S8. A lot faster, better battery, and perfect size.
Still getting used to this phone but so far l'm loving it.  Takes quality pictures.  Bluetooth works flawlessly.  Really didn't want a gold phone but a black protective cover solved that problem.  Haven't used tech support so l can not comment on that but overall l am very pleased with this purchase.Read full review...
look and feel of this phone is fantastic. i love the apps edge which i use for reminders as i see no reasons to put apps there when there is your home screen. what i dislike is contacts, with a long list you need to scroll or search for a contact. With my previous phone one can select A letter then it would bring up a selection of all letters with contacts info ex. J -- all contacts beginning with JAs time goes by I'm loving it moreRead full review...
It is a well-designed, stylish, and highly functional smart phone.  It has virtually every feature I could hope for.  The camera takes beautifyl pictures, and is a breeze to use.
This phone is a significant upgrade from my S6 Edge. More memory cleaner pics and a much brighter screen. It is truly worth the price.
Decent quality, easy to transfer you old phone's data, even though the phone is large the aspect ratio makes it manageable for my wife who has very small hands.   I would give it 5 stars if they ran a pure version of AndroidRead full review...
I love this celphone. It is super ergonomic, very well designed and super functional. It has what you need. I would buy this again and again. I have used samsung smartphones for around 7 years now and they definetly keep getting better every day. Read full review...
An excellent cell phone with reduced price.Very good display and tons of features.
I got Samsung s7 before, but i wanted some phone that work a faster and with  better camera but the same size . And I don:t want to spend too much money. Samsung s9 fit my expectation. Screen  is bigger but phone size is almost the same.Read full review...
Like the screen size and it opens apps pretty quickly.
Lifetime Samsung owner of all things. When my Galaxy s7 died it was a no brainer to upgrade to a newer model. This s9 feels like home, easy set up and navigation, I was up and running in minutes. I would definitely purchase another Samsung.Read full review...
I bought this to replace a broken S7 Edge.  The S9 is so much better in all aspects.  The S9's size is perfect for normal to small hands, whereas, the S9+ like the S7 edge is just too large to manipulate with one hand.Read full review...
Great phone for the money.  I had a Samsung 8 before this and the 9 is faster but nearly identical in size.  If you like a smaller phone with great features, this is the one for you!
I dont care for the wrap around screen this S9 has.  I am a construction guy and can see this may be damaged easily. Screen savers are typically glass which are a gloss finish and cannot see well in exterior daylight conditions. I did try a film style mate finish protector, but it is not very case friendlyPhone works well, good battery time, decent reception.  Read full review...
I have been buying Samsung phones for several years, and I have to say, this is the best one, as of yet.More than enough power, and having the ability to put a 400 Gb microSD card in it is the best thing since sliced bread. I have over 7000 songs and several hundred movies on the card, and still have room for thousands of pictures!Highly recommend the phone!!!!Read full review...
Amazed works great. Like the size. Battery life excellent so far.
It has a long battery life, camera is excellent and very light and sleek.
Was a great price and all around a really good phone except the battery doesn't last long. But that's a manufacturer defect. Samsung really needed to do something different for the battery.
Like Bixby. Love larger phone size and additional features.  Upgrading from 6s.
Phone is fast, starts up quickly, battery life better than expected. Only complaint is the edges of screen are curved and texting is difficult on letters p and q....camera is great.
It's a very good quality 5 star cell phone the camera system is very good quality and alot of space 64 GB. and also sounds system is  Loud 
Really love the s9+. Always been a big phone type of guy so this beats my old s8
The phone runs amazing with great battery life
Have had the phone a few weeks. So far, very satisfied with it. Very easy setup and transfer of info from old phone. Easy to learn to navigate for a beginner to the Samsung Galaxy phones. Charges quite rapidly and holds charge well. Don't have any complaints yet at a few weeks of use.Read full review...
It is 7 stars. Like the light weight and it jas so many feature. I got a great buy
The last Galaxy smartphone with a headphone jack and expandable memory. It has everything I wanted and more. ZERO complaints about upgrading from the Galaxy S7 to the S9. 
Perfect! Better camera than the iphone 8 and has the capability to add a lot more memory.
I like it and it has a lot of features. 
Does everything!
Love my new samsung s9,I've only had it a week ,still learning the phone ,great pictures and videos is the reason I bought it.
This Samsung S9 has all the speed, power and options I ever need in a camera/phone.It is a very fast and options I need in a phone. It is very reliable as a phone, you dont need to buy  any other phone.Read full review...
A lot better than my iPhone at first I was a little bit skeptical cuz I never had good experiences with android's but this by far is the best phone I've had in a long time 
great phone still learning how to use it, so many more features than my previous phones. 
it's a good phone. it does what I need it to. battery lasts all day. does email, text, calls, streaming. Not using it for social media. 
Awesome phone to own, despite the battery not being that great. 
Nice fine so far I like all the features. 
There were a couple of things ( pokemon ) that our S5 phones would not do so my wife and I decided to upgrade. We each got one of these. Went to AT&T and had all from our old phones transferred ....free and easy. We are very pleased as the new phones are slick and fast.Read full review...
Needed this phone to connect with my husband's new hearing aids.  It works perfectly and has been a great addition.  Easy to use as the screen is bigger than some - and he is transitioning from a flip phone!!!!  Best purchase we could have wished for Read full review...
